README.md, before:

# <h1 align="center"> Forge Template </h1>

**Template repository for getting started quickly with Foundry projects**

## Custom template

With a lot of inspiration from https://github.com/smartcontractkit/foundry-starter-kit

You need to have `yarn` installed
Run `make`

-   Yarn as package manager
-   Husky for git hooks
-   Prettier for formatting
-   Makefile
-   `.env` for secrets
-   custom `.gitignore`

## Getting Started

Click "Use this template" on [GitHub](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-template) to create a new repository with this repo as the initial state.

Or, if your repo already exists, run:

```sh
forge init
forge build
forge test
```

## Writing your first test

All you need is to `import forge-std/Test.sol` and then inherit it from your test contract. Forge-std's Test contract comes with a pre-instatiated [cheatcodes environment](https://book.getfoundry.sh/cheatcodes/), the `vm`. It also has support for [ds-test](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/ds-test.html)-style logs and assertions. Finally, it supports Hardhat's [console.log](https://github.com/brockelmore/forge-std/blob/master/src/console.sol). The logging functionalities require `-vvvv`.

```solidity
pragma solidity 0.8.18;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract ContractTest is Test {
    function testExample() public {
        vm.roll(100);
        console.log(1);
        emit log("hi");
        assertTrue(true);
    }
}

```

## Development

This project uses [Foundry](https://getfoundry.sh). See the [book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation.html) for instructions on how to install and use Foundry.

Commit message:

chore: solc and evem_version in foundry.toml

README.md, after:

# <h1 align="center"> Forge Template </h1>

**Template repository for getting started quickly with Foundry projects**

## Custom template

With a lot of inspiration from https://github.com/smartcontractkit/foundry-starter-kit

You need to have `yarn` installed to use this template.  
This template includes:
- Yarn as package manager
- Husky for git hooks
- Makefile
- `.env` for secrets
- custom `.gitignore`
- set solc version in foundry.toml
- set evm_version in foundry.toml
- to support `PUSH0` evm_version must be set explicitly to `shanghai` (or higher)

## Getting Started

Click "Use this template" on [GitHub](https://github.com/foundry-rs/forge-template) to create a new repository with this repo as the initial state.

Or, if your repo already exists, run:

```sh
forge init
forge build
forge test
```

## Writing your first test

All you need is to `import forge-std/Test.sol` and then inherit it from your test contract. Forge-std's Test contract comes with a pre-instatiated [cheatcodes environment](https://book.getfoundry.sh/cheatcodes/), the `vm`. It also has support for [ds-test](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/ds-test.html)-style logs and assertions. Finally, it supports Hardhat's [console.log](https://github.com/brockelmore/forge-std/blob/master/src/console.sol). The logging functionalities require `-vvvv`.

```solidity
pragma solidity 0.8.18;

import "forge-std/Test.sol";

contract ContractTest is Test {
    function testExample() public {
        vm.roll(100);
        console.log(1);
        emit log("hi");
        assertTrue(true);
    }
}

```

## Development

This project uses [Foundry](https://getfoundry.sh). See the [book](https://book.getfoundry.sh/getting-started/installation.html) for instructions on how to install and use Foundry.
